Okay, yeah, you're on it. Somebody does it. Yeah, don't worry, Vince.
Everybody like to do some sales. Is always fun.
And
It's always fun.
Hi everyone, hi. Hey there and you.
Was happening and hey, hey. Good to see everybody.
Okay.
And everything.
Okay. Okay.
Yeah
Look at that. Look at that. Everybody showing up on time. Look at us off to a good start.
I love this. Alright.
Hi everybody.
Alright.
Yeah
Good music.
Yeah.
Yeah, thanks Sophie for that. Sophie is a fantastic DJ.
Thank you, Sophie.
Cool, cool, cool, cool. Alright, got Naji here. I think one of the Lilian is on.
Hey, Liliana.
Here we go. Alright, we got some folks driving, we got some commuters. Alright, is that did I get a message from you guys?
Are you all crossing the border or something? Somebody doing that? Is that what you're doing?
Yeah, we just crossed over.
Okay. Okay The
You made it? Okay, you didn't need me to call the. Whoever.
Okay.
No, no, no, we don't need you to call the president today.
Okay, I was gonna I was I was gonna do it. I saw your message in the morning. I was like, alright, you need me to call the president of the United States.
Not sign.
To get them. Okay, you made it. All right, good. I'm glad you have that clout.
All right, all, well. I would love to. Start soon. Let's See, Liliana, you wanna kick us off?
Yep. Alright.
Okay, everybody. Neil, you can see.
I am here. Yes, I can see.
Perfect. Well, welcome. We've been looking forward to this so much, so it's so great to have all of you here.
I'm Lilianna. Neil and I will be driving this and we'll introduce our full team in just a second.
First, I want to start with some announcements. So while welcome kits were due last Friday. Those are your swag kits.
So for those of you who may not have completed it yet or have hit the maximum. So if you went on and you couldn't order it.
It's either because the deadline has passed and they ran out of stock or because our cohort it's extra large we actually hit the maximum and I've extended it now.
So you guys can go back in this week. It's just not guaranteed that you'll get it A before program starts and be Get it at all right now because I got a message this morning that we're out of stock with some things so every single person here is going to get a welcome kit.
I just have those updates for right now, so it may take a couple of weeks to get some of the things back and stock, specifically venture deals.
The book is out of stock right now and I think the t-shirts. So we'll see just message me directly if you need help with that and I can get you in touch with our accelerator operations.
And yeah.
What a cool problem to have. That's the first time I've ever heard of that.
I know.
Okay.
So I think what's happening is is that we're at a peak. This is like the most classes and programs that have ever started simultaneously than ever before in the history of tech stars.
And we unlike I think most if not all other programs. Like you all know, start 2 weeks early.
Cause everyone else is gonna have this conversation and call 2 weeks from now. But we're having it now and we have some reasons for that.
Sorry to interrupt, Willie. It's when to clarify that.
Exactly. Yeah, so if you need help getting that swag every person here is going to get their swad kit if you're if you're going to be a full-time program participant, it just matter when.
So class roster forms are due this Wednesday. Those are extremely important. I've seen some messages asking like did we only send the invite to CEOs?
What's that about? So that's correct. So every time that we give offers, we just communicate only with the CEO until the class roster form is complete.
That way we know who from your team is actually going to be a full-time program participant to receive all of the notifications, invitations, things like that.
So if you have members of your team other than yourself, the CEO that are going to participate, please make sure that they fill out the cluster form by the end of the day on Wednesday.
Super important. No, are you gonna say something?
Well, yeah, I'm gonna say something, but it's not actually related what you were just saying.
It's more just like I can't contain my excitement for seeing everybody's faces all at once on this screen.
Like it's actually really exciting. Like I know that all of you all are going to become friends and then I'm going to become closer in friends with all of you.
So I just I'm kind of giddy about that. It feels nice to be back at it and ready to get to know you.
So I'm looking forward to these introductions.
It is so great to see you guys. And there are so many of you, which is awesome.
Yeah, yeah, let's go. Like this is the squad now. Let's get it.
So for now, until the class raster form, just for this week, please send the pre program up date number one to your team members if you haven't already.
It contains the full schedule with all the Zoom links at the bottom. It contains key information that they need to know.
So please don't just send your team like the class roster form link, things like that. Just send them the full email so they can read through all that important info as well.
Any questions here before we move forward?
There's a few in the chat. Let's take a look. Or maybe you already responded.
Yeah, the So, Valeria, have you seen the pre program update number one email?
Okay.
I have not. And so I got all the calendar invites, obviously for the meetings, but then I didn't get like a pre update email and so I'm just kind of scouring right now to see like what could have happened to it but I'll give you an update if it's somehow ended up in spam or something, but.
Okay, cool. I will double check that you are in there. Veronica just put the swag link in the chat, but the link is in that email and there's also really important stuff in there.
So let's make sure that you get that. Let's see. Maybe Sophie, can you take a note of that and I will check it later.
Any other questions?
Okay, so we're gonna start off with introductions from all of you. So I'm gonna close this slide in a second, but we're gonna do name.
Company name and if you're the first person from your company saying this name you can give like a one-liner on what you what it is you guys do and then what are you most looking forward to in the program?
We, we usually do popcorn style. So Vincent is the first person on my screen.
And then Vincent, you can feel free to popcorn to someone else. So you're gonna do name, company name, tell us what you do, what are you most looking forward to?
And will you drop those instructions into the chat as well, Lianna? Cause I know people will be like, oh, what am I supposed to say again?
Well, she does that. So I'm Vincent Lucero. I'm founder and CEO at Doug.
We provide AI underwriting, for essentially lenders to help, be more inclusive of, people around the world.
So what I'm looking most forward to is getting to know you guys and hearing more about what you guys are building.
I will pass it off to, let's say, Valerie and Brenner.
Hey guys, my name is Valeria. So I'm the CEO and founder of Ship. I'm here with my co-founder Max.
He's also on the call, but we're just, in separate places right now.
And, the gist of what we, oh, what I'm look, oh yeah, I guess intro in the company, sorry, like rereading the directions.
We, help small businesses make their shipping process more efficient. And I'm most looking forward to meeting everybody and making those connections.
And, I will popcorn to, is it? Doton?
Sorry, Go 10 is good. Sorry I was muted. So I'm Dotan.
I'm the co-founder of Luxir, my co-founder Andy.
Is there as well somewhere with the with the mustache. We, Lexi makes it possible for brands and specific spirit brands to launch and manage their distribution in new markets through our platform.
So we do a, We do a SAS solution for distribution. And I'm super excited to to see everybody here and and look forward to meeting everybody as well in the program.
What I'm most looking forward to is actually getting to know everybody and learning what, what people have been through, in their experience so far and yeah, really looking forward to hanging out with everybody.
And I'll pass it on to. Dwayne, I see you on my screen.
Hi, I'm Dwayne Scott. I'm a head operations at Dub Prime along with Vincent and Bob and other one else on here from the the prime and Looking forward to learning how you guys solve.
Problems and how you think for your problems and structure them. That's how I like to. Think about things so I'm gonna throw it off to, Brian.
Evening everyone, I think I had my name, so just jump at it. Spoke one style, classically.
But yeah, I'm Brian Samuel. We are very keen on streamlining, And are you, let's drive product to start up to the global south.
And I'm absolutely looking forward to formulating what I know will be lifelong relationships with you guys.
Very privilege to be here about you. And I will pass it on to Mr. Jeremy.
Hello everyone, my name is Jeremy Banning. I'm the co-founder.
At Corso, and she compliance officer and she's investment officer as well. My co-founder cannot make it.
He's actually on a call to an investor, but. Our company essentially is a AI wealth management platform.
And we enable people to chat with their finances. To build a better relationship with their money. And what I'm most looking forward to in the program, what we're most looking forward to is meeting you guys.
And also that data driven, if we can get a taste of what we did in the assignments. Those frameworks and how we apply that to solving problems, that's, that'd be great.
And I will pass it up to. Snow Lee.
Alright, thank you. I'm Snow, the co-founder and CEO of ROM there and we make It's a, you can think of it as a Zapier for LLM apps.
It enables people to integrate their LMS into the multiple distribution channels like slack or email, Hubspot.
And I'm so excited to join the program and with you guys. I'm really looking forward to meeting you and speaking with you and working with you and speaking with you and working with you guys.
Nice to meet you all. I will pass it to Sophie. So if you take this.
Hi, Snow. Can you, somebody else on the tech stars team? So we're gonna go at the very end.
Oh, sorry, sorry. There for that. Arthur
Hello everybody, I'm Arfield. I'm Rob Nelson. We're the founders of Club Rank.
You can take a flubric as the Uber of recruiting. We are a platform that helps streamline the recruiting slash interviewing process, utilizing AI and human expertise.
To expedite the top of funnel process and interview. Yeah, and we're most looking forward to getting to know everybody on the program.
As well as, enabling the mentorship program. We're really looking forward to learning as much as we can as we scale.
Thanks guys.
Popcorn. Just about it. We'll popcorn it to Brian. S.
It's C me you and I've already gone so I'll do the contact.
Okay. Popcorn it over to Andy. There you go.
Hey guys, I'm Andy. I'm the co-founder and CPO of Lexer, the distribution business with Delta.
And I'm most looking forward to being in the same. Kind of space with everybody and getting into that garage.
Mindset of building together. Very excited for that. And I'll Pass it over to Nelson.
Everybody, I'm Nelson Mitchell. I'm the founder and CEO of the Ford Health and we're working on a solution to help people manage and pay their medical bills.
And I will pass it off to. Perona Lee. No, wait, sorry. Your text start.
Max. Think me.
Hey, my name is, Max Pinney. I'm a technical co-founder at, And as a first time founder, I'm most looking forward to just hearing everybody else's experiences and getting some guidance on how this how this thing goes.
I'll pass it on to
Alejandra G.
Hi, thank you. I'm Alicandra. I'm the, co-founder and CPO of, aware.
You can think of us as the feed bit for mental health. We are, wearable, in support solution for continuous monitoring of mental wellness.
And, AI coach to support, users with, neural feedback therapy. What my co founder who is on the call as well Antonio and I are looking for most about this program is yeah like everybody else meeting you all learning how everybody is solving different problems operational, technical whatsoever.
But mostly, iterating on our product market phase, making sure that we're hitting it right as as we move forward with launching our product.
And I will pass it on to, Christie Sorado.
Hello everyone. I'm super, super excited, to be here. It's been a dream, to be part.
Of the tech stars program. I'm the founder of Pair Anything. And care anything. We're trying to bring consumer exclusivity to the food and beverage.
For example a target we provide a digital in aisle food and wine pairing tool, to help increase, cart size and also, to be able to bring data-driven, insights, to help the consumer experience. What?
I'm looking most looking forward to most of is really to immerse ourselves in this experience to be able to take in all the learnings and allow for tremendous growth.
And also, to grow as a team and grow up as a startup, with the guidance of Techstart.
And then also, to be of, a value, to my fellow cohort members.
And I will popcorn to, let's see. Philippe? Asiveo.
Hey, thank you, Kristi. Hi, everyone. I'm Felipe. I'm the co-founder and CEO from Go House.
I'm basing chilling. I don't know if someone is from Latin America of here, but oh yeah, hey, Alexandra.
So my English is a bit rusty, but, again, you would, you, you will find out about that when you meet me here.
I'm truly happy of being in Dexter and having the opportunity of. Meeting you all with all that you are doing.
I'm a late co-founder. I'm a late entrepreneur. I'm 45, so I've been in a corporate site for many years.
So I'm. Right, changing my way of thinking and that said that sense meaning this kind of acceleration programs.
And been working with the startup and people like you has helped me a lot. To add value to our team and start up.
So I'm looking forward to meeting you all and grow our business and accelerate our business there in San Francisco.
In Oakland. Thank you so much. Are we pass it to, Melanie?
Hello, thank you so much, Philippe. Hello, everyone. It's my pleasure to be here.
It's been so far an incredible journey with positive finance. So we are 4 confirmers.
Every, we are mostly in San Francisco. And we are working on a sustainable finance app. What we want to do is to create a product that actually have the business and the employees working together to make a better word.
So on the app we do save. Invest and donate so. I hope that you guys could. DR have and work together.
What I really want to do is to take the energy of everyone and learn and lot from this program. I heard so many good things about Dexter so I'm so I'm super happy to be here with you guys.
So thank you and I will call. Changing my view here sorry Daniel Pereira.
I'm not right. Yeah Okay, cool. Thank you.
Yes, perfect. Everyone, I'm Danny Beda. I'm the co-founder and CEO of Page.
So we're building is a financial orchestration layer for Gen Z that's actually leveraging an AI infencing device to move money automatically between humans.
So our goal is to make money move between people like magic and make money arguments and non-zero factor in human relationships.
Probably what I'm most fired up about is just getting to meet everyone else, like we're first time founders, but also, observe everyone.
Right? We're using front figure out how to use natural language to augment the human experience.
So just getting to like see how everyone operates, you dive into like speak to all of you, your own problems that will be immensely helpful for us.
So super excited.
And I will popcorn to. Let's see who's left here. The other Dan?
Dan Pono, Pono.
Hey guys, my name is Dan. Hello from Pittsburgh, PA. So I'm from Visio.
With Vizio, it's a digital collaboration platform for, digital professionals in house marketers, web agencies and enterprise customers.
So we basically do digital annotation on any life elements or any collateral materials like PDF images and everything.
To combine everything. Every feedback in one place. So I'm looking forward to meet you all guys and I'll also look forward to learn from this program, and I'll also look forward to learn from this program how to crack the code market feed.
And how to crack the code with enterprise level customers.
And. We go into Dwayne.
Yeah, I went a little earlier, sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry, yeah. Let's do. Doc Rogers.
Hey, I'm dog. I'm over here if you can't find my picture and the little screen.
I'm, I'm a co-founder of Dub Prime with Dwayne and Vince as it were and also JT and Bob, as it were, and also JT and Bob, AI powered, inclusive underwriting as a service.
And, I mean, I'm really interested in learning the tech stars approach to this, particularly like how they handle a demo day and fundraising, things of that nature and sort of just kind of their mindset.
And then, but really what I'm interested in is I love hearing like the, the startup, you know, battle stories and that inside baseball stuff from some of the, you know, the more serial entrepreneurs here.
And then I'll kick it to Allen. And friend in the car, if it's a good time, they got a signal, they're driving.
Hey guys, I'm one of the, founder and CEO of Alibis by co-founder Allen. Muhammad's in the back.
He's their CTO. We're super fired off about just, you know, being able to collaborate with people and, you know, the use of, yeah.
So, oh yeah, I'll buy as a sales and retention platform for nightclubs.
To, fake sales. What we want to do is help optimize profitability and increase revenue.
So I, with that said, I'll pass it on to. 3 is super small over here.
Who hasn't gone yet?
Yeah, so video wanna pop in and give us a name.
Yeah.
Oh, man. I think it's scroll down. I've scroll down. See, So Dotan shall love.
I'll pass it to George.
Hey, how's it going guys? I'm George. I'm the co-founder and CTO of Tucks.
And at Tux, we are building downside protection for employee stock based RSU compensation. And what I'm look most looking forward to is meeting with all of you guys and learning from everyone's shared experiences.
And I'll pass it to JT.
Hey, I'm JT. I'm the CDO and Interim CFO at the prime and I am most looking forward to see how other startups here are utilizing ML and AI for their missions.
And I will pass it to. Sorry, give me one moment.
Oh, perfect. Let's do Maria.
We've got some names in the chat for you, JT, to help you out. Thanks, Corona.
Hi, I'm Maria. I work with, Christine, the city of bear anything.
So we do help people. Pair their wines with their dishes and vice versa. I'm really super excited to be here.
To do a lot more connections and learn how, your businesses as well as really build some relationships, you know, after this tech stars, super excited to be here.
Thank you. I'll pass it on to. Richelle.
Thanks, Maria. My name is Rochelle. I'm a pro. Yes, I work with Christine Marieak.
I really Learn different frameworks. I'm our jobs to be done. Interview style is super fun, so I'm excited to learn more.
I will pass it off to Nikki.
Hi everybody, my name is Nicky. I'm also part of the pair anything team as our operations director and I'm very new to the team.
I literally just joined over the weekend, so I'm super excited to be working with everybody and to have the opportunity to take part in this program.
Everything I've heard and read about it seems amazing. So I'm looking forward to getting to know all of you and learn about your businesses.
And I will pass to Kevin.
Hi everyone, I'm Kelvin, Find a CEO of Look on Doc, I'd look on Dock, we help hospitals and recruitment agencies, land, local doctors.
A Deaby is solving acute doctor shortage. We also have an AI ML component which we use in making matching doctors to shifts around them.
I'm looking forward to networking with each and every one of you learning the rudiments of building a truly global business.
With all the resources and guidance, text us have to offer. I will pass it on to.
Sanjit
Hello everyone. I'm the confounder and CT of Lock on top. I work with, Calvin.
We are trying to build a data, platform for the agencies and the doctors. To fill the record shortages.
On there of the group in space. I am looking forward to meet. Every one of you and get most out of you guys.
I, I, I, I, would, I always, you can provide too. Learn about the products which are building using a and a.
Thank you guys.
So I also.
Hello.
Cloil and it.
Sorry.
Oh, Chloe's on our team.
Okay, so.
Perfect.
I see.
Hi guys, I'm here from New York, originally from Puerto Rico and co-founder of GIFCRAM.
We are a hospitality tech company. We are transforming the little gift cards into digital assets and if days for hospitality to provide payments that are fictionless and loyalty and entry to restaurants.
And what I'm looking forward the most is to get to know all of you. I'm a first time founder, so I'm sure I could learn from every single one of you.
I've never been to the Bay Area so I can wait to like try new restaurants over there.
I have a list. So if you guys wanted to tell me some names, I really appreciate that.
Yes, I need to pick someone. Let me look at that. Because I'm probably one of the few last people.
Do me what?
Hi, everyone. I'm, CTO of Rec phone. A threat file, we're building, an air platform to simplify financial compliance.
In africa we are most looking forward to meeting everyone and also letting out to well change my mindset of thinking.
But yeah, I'll pass it on to today.
Hi everyone. I'm Sunday, co-founder CEO of Rec File.
Oh.
I'm like, Tommy, what I said, I asked as well, I'm looking forward to meeting everyone.
I've heard a lot of different businesses. So great to kids to know a bit more about what everybody's building but I think most importantly adding value to everyone.
As well because I know that a lot of people try to get in and we had lucky ones we did get in so as much as possible help to develop the community that we're gonna try and build.
I'm also looking forward to meeting the tech sales team. We've got back and forth.
You know, it Nazi seems like an amazing person. And so I guess that's probably a representation of the rest of the team.
So looking forward to meeting the Texas team. AI and machine learning has been kind of mentioned a few in a few use cases. So that's what we're building.
Will be good to kind of understand a bit more what how people are blind that's in there one specific use cases so yeah I think generally just looking forward to getting gets into meet everyone and in all kinds. So yeah, that's me.
I'm gonna pass it on to Antonio.
Hi everyone, I'm Antonio, co-founder CEO of Aware along with, we are really an AI coach to empower individuals to take take control of their mental well being every day.
We, look forward to meeting all of you guys and, work really hard through through this program to grow.
And we really very much enjoy the homework back in December and we look forward to more homework. We really enable a lot of growth for our company and specifically we're looking for product market fit to get our first paying customers and refine our pitch.
So I look forward to see you all and I'm gonna pass it on to Matthew.
Everybody my name is Metro Bana. I'm the co-founder and CEO of positive finance along with Melanie who spoke first so we're a sustainable finance platform aiming to offer a range of sustainable finance products including investments and donation products to employees as a way to boost their engagement and so working with employers and very excited about joining the program working with you all and along with the tech staff team.
I don't know who to pass it on to other than my other co-founder Fabian, CEO of Positive Finance.
That's cheating. Hi everyone and nice to, nice to meet you. I'm, See you of positive finance.
Very much looking forward to meeting you all in the tech sound and mentors from the program. I really hope we can accelerate and also have a some paying customers on our platforms.
And I will pass on to Liam.
Most of cofounder with snow at I'm currently in South Korea, so I can't wait to reach all in person and learn about your businesses.
Yeah, so I want to learn how to grow my business and product in investor globally.
Yeah, and learn about everyone's experience. So, Soon. So I'll test it over to.
Pardo.
Hey everyone, I'm part of, I'm the founder and CEO of Tranium Labs AI.
So Trinity is essentially a search engine powered by AI that helps you find and execute profitable investments across all market categories.
So that's stocks for X crypto. I'm most interested in really just propagating some of my technical knowledge out to the teams that need it and then learning just a bunch of cool stuff from everyone.
Thanks. And I will pass it on to S.
Oh, I'm sorry. That might have been me. I think my audio cut out for a second, but hey everybody, I'm Saw Hill.
Cto and co-founder at page with, with Danny. Yeah, looking forward to meeting everybody and, you know, learning from tech stars in the long term.
In the short term, definitely looking forward to Lake Tahoe and here in Neil story. But yeah, looking forward to meeting everybody and learning in the program.
So who would you like to pass to?
Yes, apologies. Let's go with Kevin.
Hi everyone, Sedalia, you stole my line. I was definitely looking forward to bonding with everybody in Lake Tahoe and hearing about everybody's journey.
But Mary Cell is my co-founder. Gif Graham, we're a platform that transforms digital gift cards into NFT memberships for the hospitality industry.
To provide payments loyalty and entry.
And I will pass it on to Mark.
Hello, hi Mark. I'm a CTO and co-founder of Cicada.
And we created a digital platform, and that enables musicians in life performances. They get a different kind of communication with their audiences and and also monetize this their concerts.
In the in the better way. I'm really excited and I'm looking forward to meet you all and then study from you.
Becoming part of this community. We're building and then study how to create a big company, how to make company.
Bigger and bigger. And, pass it to J-law.
I'd love to say my entire team hasn't been called yet. Saving the best for last.
Jennifer Lowe, everyone calls me J. Lo. What's up, Neil?
I'm here with my co-founders, Sergey, our CTO and Lisa Hennessy, our chief brand officer, what which might be the first ever for I don't know but either way we are building a sustainable travel marketplace.
I don't know. But either way we are building a sustainable travel marketplace for the mindful traveler and we are building a sustainable travel marketplace for the mindful traveler and we are super super excited to be here.
I don't know. But either way, we are building a sustainable travel marketplace for the mindful traveler.
And we are super, super excited to be here. Thank you for having us and I think we're most looking forward to learning from all of I will popcorn to Lisa.
Hi, I'm that we had red person, in the text space. I'm super excited to be here with you all.
Our vision is really to make regenerative travel the norm and not the exception so it feels like a big goal and I'm so here for it.
I'm I guess the most excited to like find my role in this space and as a perfectionist to learn how to MVP iterate and move quickly with you all.
I'll pass it to Sergey.
Thanks, Lisa. Yeah, hi everybody. My name is Sergey. I'm the CTO and co-founder of Travis and Yeah, most looking forward to getting to know everybody.
Learning about. Struggles and any difficulties people have had so far along the way. Especially in terms of technology.
Learn people learn from people about any. Challenges with chat bots. .
And AI stuff
And I'll pass it on along to. Mercia.
Hi everybody, my name is Murcha. Thanks so much for doing this and having us all here in this meeting.
It's amazing. Thanks so much for doing this and having us all here in this meeting. It's amazing.
I'm the co-founder of Mark on Cicada where we help musicians make their performances more profitable and I am actually most excited about the long-lasting relationship that we're all going to form in this program that will hopefully continue for many, many, many years.
I will pass it to George.
I actually already went.
That was my bad, sorry. There you go. That's a, that's a new list.
Sorry, you're on the list. I'll pass it to Bob.
Hey, I'm Bob. I'm CTO of Dub Prime. I am most excited about the energy and buzz of starting something new and learning about all these new ideas and solutions and building relationships with you all as well and figuring out new practices and tools to accelerate growing our business.
And I will pass it to TREAT.
Hey everybody, I'm TREAT. I'm the co-founder of Lexi Q and for the points of doubt, not the Lexer.
We're building a contract intelligence solution for legal professional services. And we're trying to help lawyers and a couple others work a little more efficiently and effectively.
I really look forward to sharing stories, learning a bunch and breaking bread with everyone. Really?
Okay, I'll pass it off to my co-founder. That's not a conflict of interest.
Yeah, thanks Tree. Hey, good afternoon guys. My name is Samarth, Founder and CEO at Lexi Hugh.
So I think TRE kind of already covered what we're doing. We're doing kind of contracts analysis, creating a gen.
I powered contracts analysis tool for lawyers to help them with things like Contract drafting, contract analysis.
Checking for contract compliance. Against various federal, state and local policies. And yeah, looking forward to meeting all of you guys.
Making some new friends. I think, I think being a founder, you know, it's not a lot of people understand the kind of difficulties and and the time commitment you put towards your startup so hopefully, you know, looking forward to connecting with you guys.
Over that so yeah
Okay, last but not least. Yeah, go ahead.
I will. Pass it on to I think. Mac.
Yeah, thanks, now, yeah. Difficult to go last and you guys awesome stuff really really cool stuff making sure would add value to the conversation.
I'm, CEO, co-founder, Epic. My younger brother is also CTO co-founder as well.
He's gonna join us later on the call. Exhaust for those familiar with height 3 so items like sneakers watches things like that we create indexes that map those and allow you to invest in those as a financial instrument.
I'm most excited really around the mental fortitude, right? Everyone here on the call has has some practice, some rituals, what they bring to the table just to manage everything.
Just fascinated that, always, to learn and just a little bit of practice, build better consistency around that and kind of my mental approach to all the challenges we face.
So super appreciate to be here as well.
Thanks, Mark. Did we miss anybody? Don't be shy. Raise your hand.
I just wanna make sure we heard from every single. Person.
That was a lot of people.
Okay, with 55 people on the call, I think we did it. Thank you, Vernon.
So thank you for your help. Okay, so that's you guys. We'll now introduce ourselves.
I'll start. So I am Lilianna Robinson. I'm the investment manager here.
Everyone on this call who knows me knows I speak very quickly sometimes. So for all of my international founders here, don't be afraid to have me clarify or repeat something if you need that.
My background is in computer science and entrepreneurship. I graduated from North Western and worked in software engineering for a late stage startup for a while.
And I have been at Techstars for with Neil for how many programs now. This is our tenth and eleventh program.
Yeah, you've almost been here 5 years, cause I've almost been here 5 years.
Right. Yeah, exactly. So I came on as an associate much like some of the part time associates that you'll see who are college students and then I've just been kind of working up now I've reached investment manager and I'm really happy to introduce you to the rest of our team we've brought on.
And yeah, that's me. I'm basically.
You want to describe a little more about your role or are we gonna get into that later?
Yeah, I can describe a little bit more so my purpose here for you guys specifically is to be your contact for anything.
You'll see me in pretty much every session. There are a lot that I lead and teach. I love to teach. I love to teach. I love to teach.
I'm like to teach. I love to teach. I'm faculty with Neil and Sophia at Northwestern and we teach entrepreneurship there.
But then you'll also see me in the background doing operations work as well as being hands-on in your business.
So I've helped hundreds and hundreds of companies like really deep down in the trenches with them.
My favorite things are customer discovery and project management, but I can pretty much help you touch every aspect of your business.
And so just kind of serving as mentor to you as well as running the program. So anything you need in any of those aspects.
I'm your person. I will pass it off to Frona.
Hello, hi everyone. My name's Perona. I'm found in residents for, for you all.
My background is in electrical engineering and physics. So my first company said biotech and with my second company it's in senior care and went through Texas or Chicago with Neil and Liana and Kate as well.
And so have been. In touch with the teams for. To your snap, what is insane.
So I'll be helping you guys thrive in the program and also connect you with some cool people while you're in the program as well.
So excited to be here. I'll pass it on. Oh.
We're only gets a lot of love from the founders. Because She on our team is the only one who's been through it like you all are right now.
So she is a founder. She knows what you all are going through. She just went through it a few years ago.
Yes, so excited for you all. Sorry, my lighting around me is just turn off. So cool.
I'll pass it on to, Sophie.
Hi everybody, I'm Sophie. I'm based in Chicago and I'm an investor in residence here.
So I work with our internal team on the day to day operations and then most importantly, get to work with you all.
So like Li graduated from Western and after I worked at a venture studio where I was building startups across healthcare and sales working in product strategy and customer discovery.
I currently work alongside Neil Liana on our Rising Stars Fund where we invest in underrepresented founders and then also teaching entrepreneurship at Northwestern like the Lianna shared.
So I'm excited to meet all of you. And get to know how I can help.
I will pass it on to Kate.
Hey everyone, it's so good to see you. My name is Kate. I've been an associate with this team for the past 5 programs ever since Veronese class, mainly helping founders with JavaScript on customer discovery.
I'm also, Northwestern alum as with multiple other members on the team. And have a little bit of background in product management.
I am sadly not going to be like fully involved in this program because my visa is expiring and I need to leave the country, but I'll be here through the end of the retreat.
It's going to be the best time and I'll also continue to be available for any kind of support, especially in jobs.
So. Hi.
Kate will be available as a mentor though to a select few even though she'll be out of the country.
Yeah.
So if you know you guys are diving you'll still get to see some of Kate.
Oh, be in Europe and Asia and everywhere. And I'll popcorn into Chloe.
Hey, I am an associate. This is my fourth and fifth program. I'm a student at the University of Edinburgh.
So this is my fourth and fifth program. I'm a student at the University of Edinburgh.
So if anyone is outside of the US and needs questions answered, I'm here on the wacky time zones.
I am always happy to, answer any questions. I'm working on a lot of back-end ops stuff.
If you have Visa questions, I can also help with that. But I really, really love product testing, project management, any sort of like brain dump stuff.
I'm there.
And, Just Neil, right?
Yeah, I guess it's me. And just to be clear, like, well, no, naji, right?
Naji's on the call. I think he's on
I'm so sorry!
At least if you get it about NAZI. That's all good.
Naji, yeah, he's here.
Okay. Hey guys, Nash here. So a lot of you already know me, investment associate lead up more of the sourcing and selecting.
Here to support with connections, different stuff if you want to chat business. Have a breath of experience in a wide variety of areas more specifically like business development type stuff.
But the, yeah, I will be here if you need me. Just let me know.
And I'll pass it to Neil.
Right. Well, thank you. Naji for. Constructing this class.
A lot of the work up to this point was him. So let's all give kudos to Najee for making this happen.
He does a great job at it. So. Couple of things one everyone you just heard from on my side with my team Not only do they bring their own experience.
But they have connections to dozens if not hundreds of other founders. That have gone through this experience that can help you.
So just look at this team is not just the people who have the answers but the people who are connected to the people who could really really help.
So each of us have enough familiarity with dope CEOs and founders that have been through the program.
So I'm Neil. I can't believe it, but this is.
I'm now passing what programs. Is this program 10 and 11?
Yeah, he was double stacked, so we're hitting 10 and 11.
That's unbelievable. Yeah, I hope this is our best yet. I think it will be because every single time we've done this we've done a better job at something.
And we've maintained quality or increased quality on every other aspect of the program. So. Just know I'll just like remind you all of a few things that may have said when we had our offer call conversations.
We're not perfect and we don't know everything. So we're not here to tell you all what to do.
We're here to learn with you. We're here to, you know, leave ego at the door and be as humble as we can be to support you all.
There's so many things that I think we bring to the table that will Positively impact the outcome and success of your businesses and your personal journeys as founders.
But at the same time, like. Y'all are here to help each other. So there's so much that we're going to collectively take advantage of and I'm just I'm so excited and game on.
There's a lot going on in the world. There's a lot going on and tech stars.
There's a lot going on and all of you all's personal lives and that whole just wild world of chaos that is the founder journey is something that I just love more than anything.
So thank you all for giving us the privilege and the opportunity to work with you. And to hopefully serve you in this experience.
You'll learn more about me like some said in Tahoe for those of you who are coming.
If you're not coming to Tahoe, let me just say. You might wanna reconsider that decision.
Because we because of the founders, the ones who came before you, the Oakland and San Francisco founders we did in the last program.
They said you have to do 3 nights. Cause it was 2 nights. And then they were like, no, it needs to be longer. You need to spend more money.
You need to give them more time because this was too much fun. And it's too important. So the reason we double down and invest it again in more time for you all to meet each other because every single time we've done it, the founders feel like it's just like a game changer for how connected they get to each other.
So if you all want to truly get to know each other and become friends, having an off-site where you get to look at each other, cook, eat, hang out, go for walks, go for talks, get work done, do whatever you need to do.
Like it's a really, really nice experience. So that being said, if any of you all need support from us in some way to make that work, let me know.
But I will emphasize that as something that will fundamentally, impact in a positive way your program experience because you're gonna get to know each other better than ever before.
But it's always a way to make it work even if you can't make it, like we'll find other ways to clue you in.
So, great. Let's see, I think I covered it. I introduced myself and gave other things, right?
Okay, cool.
Yeah, yeah, and for anyone wondering about like news about tech stars or just the tech ecosystem since we have announced the new changes.
We're going to get into all of that on the retreat. Where we have a kind of confidential tell-all.
Yeah.
Real like, yeah, no, I'm just this ask us anything just so you know like I think founders are surprised by how raw we're willing to get but like I'll tell you all anything.
But it happens it has to be in the right context. So just know that like I will. I will, I share more with the founders and I'm comfortable sharing with any other.
Humans in the world with respect to you know all these things because you all deserve the raw's version of truth that we can afford to give you.
Exactly. So maybe that'll convince some of you to come on and retreat if you're not already.
Maybe all of you have already signed up to go. I haven't checked yet, so.
Alright, so we have, we're gonna do an activity at 1130 PST.
So we have about 40min now. To go through some of our expectations. Yeah, so that was our team.
We'll make it quick. Yeah.
So we're gonna run through every single section of this deck and we're recording. So we'll send this to you every single section of this.
Everything we're saying is led, completely out, late, completely out in our program handbook.
So that is something that you're gonna get tomorrow. He is finishing the final details putting in some beautiful stylistic choices for you guys and then you'll get it.
So it's really important to go ahead and read through that program handbook when you get it tomorrow because it'll lay out every single expectation in more detail than we're gonna cover right now.
I can't count how many times we get a question from someone. And when we ask, hey, did, did you read the program handbook?
And they're like, oh no. And we're like, well, it goes into a lot of detail there, but here's the short answer.
So just know that like A lot of questions that you might have will likely be addressed in a lot of the documentation that we put in a lot of work to provide.
So.
Yeah. And it's not super long either. It's a quick green. So we'll start out with our mission.
So, Neil, I'll let you go.
Yeah, so the simple version of it, it texts are you all know we've been around for 17 years.
I've been a mentor for tech stars for let's see, it's 2024, 14 years, so 2010.
Is when I first got formally involved with tech stars. 2,008 2,009. Knew about tech stars because, some students in a class that I was helping teach.
Ended up going into one of the very first classes. It was a company called Next Big Sound. They're actually featured in one of the startup books and stories that got acquired by Pandora.
But so I Just so you know, I've been watching this accelerator thing. Happened throughout most of its life cycle.
So, TECH SARS and Y Combinator are known as the pioneers of the accelerator model, but there's so many other ones all over the world.
Just know that like While we've seen it kinda go up and down with respect to the venture world and the future of startups, I think.
At the end of the day, if you are part of the right group. Meaning each program has its own identity, its own DNA.
So the MD program team, the mentors, the composition, all have their own kind of variance.
But if you choose the right one that fits for you and your style. That program and experience will be unique.
And it will be beneficial. So we're our our commitment is to make sure that we do that for you.
But at the end of the day, our mission is to help founders succeed in whatever way makes sense.
So some of you that means hands off, that means that we need to get out of your way, be helpful to you when you need us to be and let you do the rest.
Some of you that means the total opposite. Well, we're getting super hands on. We're getting into the nitty gritty.
We're getting into the weeds and helping you figure out really complex problems. And we're we're designed and down to do.
All of that in the spectrum. So just know that it's not a one size fits all thing.
The curriculum, if you will, isn't just everyone needs to do the same thing and be on the same page.
There's a lot of diversity and variety to your respective needs that we're aware of. So our mission is to figure out the right formula and mix for you.
Okay, so what is their role in this?
So yeah, your role as founders is, first and foremost to just be good stewards of, community in this program.
So we expect everyone's full participation. We are iterating with feedback that we get so there are things that we asked everyone to participate in in the past that we're either making adjustments to or you know and we'll point out these changes.
But at the end of the day, we need you all to respect each other. We need you all to, be open minded.
I always ask for curiosity before judgment because people will disagree. You're all coming from different places in the world, different life experiences, different perspectives.
So that's a value-ad, but at the same time with so many different values and cultures clashing.
You're going to experience, you know, a significant variance in different points of view. So, and then the last thing is just like, This can over be overwhelming.
It can be all consuming. It can be a drag on your sleep. And your energy or it could be the exact opposite to all of that.
It could give you more time, it could be empowering, it could be one of the best decisions you've ever made in your life.
But a lot of that is up to you. I know when I was going through programs like this and experiences or even at university and you would hear people basically say Oh, I don't like that they do this or I'm not satisfied with that.
And I always was perplexed with that like mindset because Any experience is what you decide to make it.
So tech stars can suck if you wanted to. It can be like not meaningful. It could be a waste of time.
It could be a bad use of it for whoever decides that it's not a you know, priority for them.
But if you lean in and you take it seriously and you trust us and you give us feedback as we go on anything that you want it to be that it isn't.
We're down. Like we just want y'all to be successful beyond your wildest imaginations because we're equally incentivized for that to happen.
So help us figure out what that is and just be honest and enjoy the journey. That's what I would expect of the founders.
Awesome. And if you guys have any questions, you can pop them in the chat and we'll answer them all at the end.
So entrepreneurs in residents.
Yeah, this is cool. So this was a new like thing that happened in the past 3 years or so at Techstars where programs and I think I'll give credit to Austin.
That's the one that I'm familiar with. Amos Schwartz far the outgoing MD.
Is no longer the MD there he left the company he retired after 10 programs but He taught me this and it's now widely adopted across many programs.
Where we basically hire people part time. Who are just as good, if not better than us, as MDs, meaning people who could otherwise be their own at B and MD themselves.
And we pay them a little bit, not enough to afford them, but we pay them enough to make their commitment to you real.
And they back me up in supporting you actively throughout the program. So that is very, very cool. It's a way for you all to get perspectives from multiple masters, if you will, with respect to entrepreneurs and people who have achieved some level of either mastery or or success as an entrepreneur or as an investor but typically an entrepreneur.
And one example of that that I'm really proud to share is last program. The former managing director for Texar Chicago, the person who invited me to join tech stars Trojanakov served as an entrepreneur in residence for my program.
Which is like that's unheard of first of all, no one's gotten try to do that.
But me, but There's people out here who are just super awesome, but they have other things going on.
They're running their own venture firms or they're starting other companies and they're doing other things and we can pull in these awesome people to come in and help you on top of myself.
So that is a That is what to expect.
That's awesome. And I believe We're trying to get Troy back for you guys.
Yeah, it's cool.
So. You know, put a PIN in that you'll hear more later but. Having former MD is pretty much unheard of as entrepreneurs and residents and we've been able to have not one but 2 in the past.
Like if I'm Mace Windu, he's Yoda, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Like that's kind of dynamic for those who know.
Sure.
Okay, communication protocol. So I can run through this nil and then if there's anything I miss since you're looking at the him book, just let me know.
Communication protocol is kind of different for us. It's very specific to how Neil and I have crafted the program.
You'll hear different things from different programs. They kind of allow us to run it. How we see fit.
Some people run it on Slack, notion, different things like that. We run it all in one tool.
It's called a base camp. It is a Chicago tech company. And you'll hear their story a lot in the things that we teach because we think that the way they built their company is a model for some sorts of things that we go into during the program.
But their product is awesome. So you'll see we run the entire program on this tool. I will onboard you all on Friday.
You have an invite for that and you'll have a an HQ where all of you can chat with each other and receive announcements from us and you also have an individual company project where you'll work on things like the assignments you've already done.
All the other things that we work on with you directly, we'll get hands on. And the main key for this is that it's completely asynchronous.
So this is why we're able to have so many international founders, so many founders who are parents or have other life circumstances.
This is not a completely synchronous program. While we will have lots and lots of workshops on Zoom and see each other all the time.
A lot of the work happens in the background asynchronously talking with our team, completing assignments and working on the business.
So in base camp, it allows us to do all of those things as well as just have our team constantly be able to be in contact with you without having stand ups or anything of that sort.
There is one exception. We have a direct stream to be able to talk to me, Neil, or any other team member.
Almost synchronously and specifically reserved for founders. As you can imagine, our emails are completely flooded by other people.
Yeah.
We have lots of people trying to get into tech stars. We don't want you guys to get muddled with that.
So we have reserved
Goodish.
Oh, Hey, Eric.
Sorry about that. We have reserved. One stream of communication specifically for our founders and that is called Voxer.
This is an iPhone Android app that any of you can download today on the App Store and it is essentially an asynchronous walking talking.
Neil, do you want to talk about Vox there a little more?
Yeah, yeah, I love it. So I learned this trick from David Cohen himself. David Cohen is the co-founder of Texars.
He's the chairman of the board. So he and I raised the fund together that I got help with the Lianna and Sophie on rising stars.
We raised 8 million dollars during COVID. And I'm raised that from investors who I'd never met before.
The way Cohen and I work together while we raise those funds. Is we didn't have any meetings.
Like we didn't have any meetings on the calendar where he and I spent any time together? We did it all on Boxer.
So I was like, bro, how do we do this? Like this is so cool. Like I get to talk to one of the most successful investors on Earth.
Like he was like an angel investor in Uber. For, perspective and then, you know, techsars and all this other stuff.
He's really cool. You'll meet him. But I'm like, how did you very, very like cleverly finesse me into raising 8 million dollars with you without having to spend any time with me.
Like that is brilliant. So that being said, I love that playbook. The amount of time that we get to spend together talking to each other because of the systems that Liliana just outlined.
I think is magnitude, orders of magnitude greater than how a lot of other people and programs operate because We trust these asynchronous tools to make progress.
So now we're not playing Tetris with you all's calendars or ours. And instead we're always, we have a unique direct line of communication that you all had access to that no one else in the world does.
So I think that's a really powerful and important factor here for how we're able to build such strong connections with everybody from all over the world.
Even if we're not always together in the same physical space.
Exactly. So we will have you all go ahead and add us on boxer maybe so far in front of you guys can pop our handles in the chat.
But you guys will have all of this information in the handbook if you want to download it later. Is that everything for communication though?
Yeah, I mean, I guess the other thing to say is like, I think we're also the only program that uses base camp.
Yeah.
Operate. So, so I know not everyone has their opinion about software tools. So I respect all of you and what you prefer.
The reason we're using these tools is because we know them so well and we can make your experience better than any other place by utilizing them.
And we've seen so many other people struggle because they're juggling 4 or 5 different apps that everyone has to use to find information.
You gotta check your email for this and you gotta check your slack for that. You gotta go to notion for this and then you gotta go to Asana for that like, no, that's cool.
Like we just want one app where has everything. So you go in there, it's all there.
Simple.
So after these pre-programmed prep weeks, we will cease to use email. So you won't get any emails from us.
We do use email for external intros. So Nanji will use email a lot with you, Neil will, anytime that you're trying to have an intro to someone outside of this little group, everyone on this call, will use email, but for everything here internally within our program, base camp.
Text our central does not count for that. So every time they need something from you guys, they will be emailing you.
So if you are one of the people who have been having tech stars, emails go to spam. You should definitely try and get that sorted because they will email you first specific and important asks that are outside of this program.
Yeah. And then I guess the last thing we say on the communication side here is what is also beneficial and the founders at the end of the program right before demo they tend to freak out about is wait what happens all this information like we just did all this stuff we wrote all these things we had all these ideas we had all these workshops all these sessions.
You can go back and see it all. Cause it's available to you forever. So what's great is that now you have breadcrumbs of your entire program experience.
Documented in one place that you can always go back to and revisit. So that's the other benefit of all of that documentation.
Perfect. And if you have more questions about our kind of project management. Ideologies, things like that.
Like I said, I'm really interested in it. We're actually gonna have a workshop about it next week, so you'll be able to care a lot more about the in depth kind of ways we think about asynchronous communication and the power of having flow in your work and uninterrupted work and all of that.
So we will save that. Weekly Expectations. So on the regular, weeks will be a little bit.
Unorthodox for the first couple of weeks. Traditionally, week one is its own sort of section where you just have the whole book thrown at you.
You're gonna have a lot, a lot of workshops. I think I've told some of you on the offer calls.
Just kind of clear out your entire week one. So when you're going to be there in person with us, you will have some moments to work, but a lot of it is going to be put in workshops.
And the purpose of that is we want to give you all of the knowledge upfront so that you can start applying it for the rest of the weeks.
Week 2, half of that will be on the retreat and then the other half will be spent in some presentations.
You'll hear more about this later and then weeks 3 and for a mentor madness. So after we get past that first month, things start becoming regulated.
Pretty orthodox so you'll expect a certain flow of the weeks once we get to like weeks 5 through 13.
What you can expect will have round tables together, sometimes at CEO round table, sometimes it's the full program round table like everyone on this call.
We'll hear about our week reflect on it, set goals for the week if it's at the beginning of the week.
You'll have a weekly.
Quick comment there. Sorry to interrupt. We did get feedback about those roundtables in the past program we ran.
And the feedback that we got was the frequency was a bit high. So we're making an adjustment to space them out every other week instead of having them weekly.
So that you all have more free time. So that's one thing that we did learn from directly from this past program that we wanted to iterate on.
So. If for some reason we need to dial it up or make more accessible, we'll do that.
But from the clear feedback we got, we decided to reduce the amount of time we were asking you all to spend in those sessions.
Exactly. So always integrating when we get direct feedback, we'll also iterate in the middle of the program as well.
We see it as our own little startup. So definitely. Feel free to give us feedback and whatever works for you.
So sometimes people do have things come up and as long as you communicate, it's completely okay to have to miss a session, stop going to a certain thing if it's not serving you, it's just all about communication.
So right now we're starting with the overall expectation that everyone will be at everything and then we'll work our way from there.
Yeah, you get into the habit of just giving us a heads up. Like letting our team know, hey, I'm not gonna be at this thing.
I've got this going on or I've got a customer call or I've got an investor.
Like it's all good so long as we're just being adults and communicating about it.
Yep. And we want you guys to get the most out of it too. So if there's something we do really feel like you should be at, we'll let you know if you plan to miss it.
Other things weekly that you can expect from weeks like 5 on our weekly KPI meetings with your EIR.
We find tracking metrics extremely important at tech stars and this is one of the main pillars of things.
We'll teach you. And then of course workshop. So you'll hear from a variety of our network as well as each of our team members lead workshops.
So that'll be the remainder of your curriculum and then going into pitch practice and demo day prep in the end.
So that's what you can expect on a week to week basis. Was there anything else to hear?
Yeah, I just think reminding everyone of the overall structure the first month is lay of the land mentorship you know, making sure that you all know all the basics that we alluded to during the application process that we take to a whole another level.
You know during this kickoff of the program and then month 2 is like all right we take all those insights and everything that you learned and we execute.
So that could be sales, that could be building product, it could be both, it could be a bunch of other things, but we're gonna get it all done and get you a humming.
And then in month 3, that's when things get real about what the horizon beyond looks like.
Are you raising money? Are we? You know, boostrapping, are we?
Focused on, you know, customer development in a new way. Are you hiring? Each of you are going to be in a different state of what you realize you need after 2 months of this immersion.
So once we know what that looks like, we get to work with you to figure that out. And then you kind of storm out of our program doing, you know, it's your company, so.
It's go time.
Exactly. Okay. Oh, and that was program structure. Yeah, perfect.
Oh, I just gave it. Okay, cool. That was great.
Okay. Oh, it's also very important to note this is a hybrid program. So I mentioned this to a lot of you already.
But weeks one and weeks 12 will be in person. Everybody who has not yet seen the pre-program update email number one, it's super important.
Demo day is going to be during week 12 to allow for the maximum attendance of investors because New York Tech Week is the following week.
So we do encourage a lot of you to go to New York Tech week during week 13, but we'll also be around during week 13 to help you with post demo day follow-up just writing all of that influence from your big event and just helping you take advantage of it.
So just to maximize all of the investors so that they're not all at the conference, we're gonna do demo day during week 12.
We have shifted back the demo day prep so you'll still have exactly the amount of demo day prep that we always had.
Yeah, couple more things on that. So one, that was new to us, just so you know, like a few weeks ago we found out, oh, snap, like New York Tech Week is gonna be big.
And we need to let the founders know ASAP that this is a huge opportunity for them. Not and especially for you all as tech stars founders.
Cause a lot of people are gonna want to get to know y'all because you all are in the Bay Area.
Unlike any other tech stars program on Earth. So you all are gonna be connected to in proximity.
To more investors than any other program. In that respect. So when you go to New York, If you decide to go, which I think you should, That means that you are creating like plugs and access.
On like 2 of the largest markets that you can from an investment standpoint, right? So that's a great opportunity for you all and I guess the other part is.
We just announced that Texar's headquarters is moving to New York. And it kind of already has been there for us insiders like the past couple of years like our CEO lives there and basically opened it office and hired a lot of people there.
So what's cool is like we're the Bay Area. We represent the Bay Area, this group.
And then we've got headquarters in New York. So I think giving you all that inroads and access and connectivity is going to be a net benefit for those of you interested in building up your both founder and investor now.
So.
We've got a couple of questions here. So. Vincent, is your question answered.
So, Neil, Vincent's, can't give in the move of tech stars to point out to NYC, is it mandatory to go to NYC?
Do you have a bit more context?
Yeah, sure. It's not mandatory at all. It's an opportunity. So not mandatory.
Not expected, but we suggest it. Highly suggest it because. It's just gonna be a massive concentration of both founders and investors and it's our home court as far as and investors and it's our home court as far as tech stars is concerned.
So I think that's, to you all benefit to be a part of if you can, if you can manage that and swing it.
But that's also why we move demo day a week ahead. Because we needed to make sure that you all had room to take advantage of that.
Will we be able to pitch at NYC Techweek? So that, yeah.
I don't know how that works.
Exactly. I was gonna say this is a completely like outside of Techstars event. So there's nothing that we're putting on there specifically or any specific like.
In that we have, it's just a lot more that we think you guys should go. And we know you will not have the investor turnout that we want you to have if we have demo day during that week.
So it's a lot more being aware of the event rather than it being something we're putting on or we have spots for anything.
Naji will probably be there. Nazi, I'll let you unmute if you'd like to speak on New York Techweek if there's any viewpoint that we're not getting at.
And nope, I don't have any particular viewpoints right now. But yeah, I, it is likely that I will be there.
Yeah.
Perfect. So that's New York and we'll get more info as program progresses, but this is just something to be aware of right now as we started thinking about looking ahead.
Perfect. So that's a hybrid program. There's one more week that we are optionally in person and that is week 5.
So weeks one and 12 are mandatory to be out in Oakland with us. Week 5, a lot of international vendors opt not to come in the middle of program.
It's just very expensive. So we completely understand. But if you are able to join. We'll be streaming for all virtual participants if you are able to join week 5 is kind of a reset after mentor madness finishes and we can come back together we regroup we analyze all of the feedback that you got from Mentor Madness and then we figure out action item steps of how to move forward.
It's also a very sensitive time because mentor manners can be a little bit shaking for a lot of people.
So it's really nice to have that time together as everybody just went through a similar experience.
That was that was very diplomatically worded. So I'll add more color to it because I think that was well said by the Leanna.
Mentor Man is things can get a little, real. So you'll hear from a lot of smart people and some of them are going to hit you at the core.
They're gonna be like, oh man, I guess like you're gonna question a lot of things.
And some of you come out with full confidence that the strategy you went in with is the strategy you need to continue doing.
But some of you are gonna get feedback or have people involved or you're gonna learn things or be questioned in certain ways that'll make you have to like do some real thinking about what the next move should be.
Because of that we have learned that it's super important to give you all an opportunity to reconnect.
In person if you'd like. With each other with us to get that kind of support and to just make sense of everything that you learn because it is overwhelming.
It is on it is a true information fire hose to meet with dozens and dozens of brilliant people and get questioned about every aspect of you and your business.
So it's a funeral aspect of every tech stars program. But I think the the difference is that the what you do with the information afterwards and that's why we facilitate that.
Awesome. And our commitment to you.
So as far as our commitment to you,
We're not here to waste your time. There are so many different versions of the story about whether an accelerator is a good bet for founders.
Good use of your time. Good to give up the equity, you know, all of those things. But what I told you when I offered each of you a spot in this class.
Is that those formalities, the money, the deal, whatever, that's all well and good.
But at the end of the day, what everyone says. Consistently at the end of our programs.
Is the connection that they have with each other? Makes this more than worth it. So our commitment to you is first and foremost to make sure that that happens.
Your legions and connection to each other is what we will prioritize facilitating above everything else.
And then on top of that, each of you will have your own unique respective dates. So just making sure that we are lifelong friends and partners to you, no matter what happens with your business.
Is what you can expect from me. And then on top of that, hopefully. A bunch of y'all end up getting fantastic outcomes and exits and then we all get paid.
That'd be great. I would love that. And I guess the last anecdote I'll share and this is the Techstar Chicago Laura story.
You'll hear me reference to Chicago a lot since that's the program I came from. But, Techstar Chicago.
Has the top company of all time out of techsars from a return standpoint. It's a company that came went through the program 11 years ago called Trading View.
And one thing that was really cool. That happened with that class of companies is that as that company was succeeding They made room.
For the founders in their class. To invest. So everybody won. Everyone in the class got to participate.
In the most valuable company to go through tech stars ever. So I think that's really meaningful because those founders because they all knew where that was going and they saw.
And the founder was a part of the class and they were all helping each other and they still meet every month or every quarter to this day.
Whoever here wins ends up helping everybody win So I think that's a pretty cool thing to be a part of that you won't read about online, but I'm telling you here confidentially that that happened and that can't happen.
Just saying.
So true. If anyone from our team wants to give any advice, I think this is a great time for it.
Sure.
So feel free to just unmute but that is my big piece of advice every single time we do this expectations orientation session it's to get really close.
With everybody that's on this call. Specifically your class members. Your class members make your experience.
Yeah, Neil? Where you gonna sit?
Also people, they hire each other too. So like let's just say like a few years from now things don't work out or you know you change strategies or whatever like some of you all want to work with the other person or the other company or the other team like there's all types of cross-pollination that happens when you have a tight, knit group.
Exactly. Did any other team members want to give an advice before they move on?
Jump in really quickly is to if there are workshops that you feel like you already know for instance they will be topics that some of you might have learned in the password since like financial modeling or KPIs and whatnot.
I would highly, highly encourage to still go. Because in addition to for 2 reasons. One is that I appreciate always walk away with something new.
Whether or not it's from the other co-founders in the room or from the workshop presenter.
I always walk away with something new. Then second is that there's always valid they can also add to the room as well because everyone's gonna be starting at very different points, some people might have.
Built financial model in the past. Some people, this is gonna be the first time. And so you guys are here.
For each other as well. And I feel this, I feel like this is pretty special that you're you have 23 co-founders is one way of thinking about it.
In addition to your own co-founders as well that are going through everything. I will simultaneously which I don't know, has this happened before because we had 2 programs before but it wasn't you know, same programs.
The same.
I feel like this is. Is this the first? I don't know.
This is the first of ours. Like we've never, we've never had. So much consistency across this size of the class before.
So I think the network effect here is going to be even stronger.
Hey, anybody else before we move forward?
I mean, well, you know what, Leon, there is one other thing. And I think usually you are the one who says it.
Awesome.
So I'll try to tee you up for it but it's kind of like We have a certain reputation, I think, as tech stars folk.
Like our program specifically.
Yeah, I do usually say that.
Like with our with our Yeah, our program has a rep like like Our founders show up to things and like they engage and like they make an impression wherever they go and a way that people go, you there's something about you all your founders.
So I forgot what you exactly say, but I know you've taken. Pride in this.
Okay.
Yeah. Well, I mean, we're recording, but if you guys just keep it on the, keep it on the deal.
Our programs are known amongst tech stars to be something special. And the founders that come out of it are also known to be something special.
And you will be able to tell as we bring back some of our alumni. It's just each of you were chosen for a very specific reason.
Many of you were chosen specifically for the types of people that you are, regardless of what company you're building, we chose you based on founders.
Yep.
And I'm not sure every program does so and it shows because our founders are always on it.
Always camera on, always engaging in the chat when we do work shops with other programs which you'll see we have some global workshops from David Cohen and other superstars like that.
There's a very clear distinction on who comes from our program and who doesn't. And that's something that Neil and I and our whole team takes very seriously.
Yes.
We really appreciate the standard that we've made. And we've chosen all of you because we believe you uphold that standard.
So.
Well, and that's perfect. Thank you. And what I'll add is I think it's a very simple reason.
We're just encouraging you to develop habits. And presence that should be reflected in the companies that you all are building and scaling.
You're gonna hire dozens if not hundreds of people one day. And you're gonna have expectations of how they show up in the calls and the company sessions and the meetings that you have with them, the work you do with them, the way you operate.
So it only makes sense for us to reflect that same energy now while you're in the process of building these great businesses.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So I think that's like the fundamental like nature of that approach of just respect and presence. And it's a that's a hard thing for me to PIN down because I it's more feedback we get unless something that we're actively in like.
Asking of you, but there is something about this group that is always special. And this this group in particular will have its own unique characteristics on how to make that so.
Yeah.
It's a mix of respect and thoughtfulness and we've already recognized that in the things that you have done so far and all the assignments and the way you communicate and just it'll continue.
So when we introduce you to someone from our network, they will just know that because it's one of our founders, there's a level of dolphin that will come through with that and that will open so many more doors for you all.
Because it's usually people just wanna work with our founders which is awesome. So we'll go through some announces then we'll take questions.
To do. So this week you are awaiting the pre-program update number 2, which is coming tomorrow.
That will include the program handbook going over everything and more of what we talked about today. A class lookbook we're putting together or not you already put together for you guys it is confidential because you guys have not been announced to the world so that's just for you all to understand who your classmates are.
So keep that confidential and then pre-programmed prep week to schedule for next week will also come out tomorrow.
Remember to complete your class roster by Wednesday and complete your pre-work packets by next Wednesday. March, the sixth.
So this week you'll get the program handbook, you'll get the class ruster in by one site and you'll also receive base camp access on Friday.
And I'll train you on how to use it. And then coming next week, again, the pre-work packet.
So with that, let's go through some questions. And then we have an activity to do together.
Feel free to unmute or pop them in the chat.
There's no way we answered everyone's questions without getting them. Yeah, there we go. There we go.
Vincent, let's go.
Yeah. There we go.
Hey, Neil, Neil, I heard that you guys do poker. Is that true that you host poker?
Yeah.
Around.
Where how are you all hearing about all these things? No, yeah, you're right. I, I actually do, like, hosting and playing poker.
Be careful. Sophie's really good. Chloe is learning. Killer Kate is kill a cake for a reason.
And Kate. Yeah, killer K will take it.
Yeah, there's some, there's some ringers on the squad that like playing poker.
Yeah.
Perfect. Looking forward to that in a Tahoe.
And then not even Intel will do. We can play poker whenever I play poker and VR with founders.
It's not a joke.
We've hosted sessions in Google like, you meet like I'll do it man. Yeah.
Okay. Do you? Do it. Cool.
Okay.
I bought every founder of ER headset and we like did movie nights and like played poker and hung out with each other.
It was fun.
Thanks.
Great question. Any other questions?
What the only question was about poker? Where did I get? There we go.
Okay. Really quick, technical question. Where is the campus itself? I've been like trying to book our, you know, so just trying to get the proximity.
You know, so just trying to get the proximity.
Sure. Yep, yep, so we'll drop the address in the chat right now and then we'll make sure you all have it.
But it's right off of Lake Merritt in downtown Oakland. It's really, really beautiful.
Like it's a really nice like there's an outdoor patio. You could see the lake.
Like it's a pretty nice situation. So I'm looking forward to y'all seeing it.
Sure.
And I also have like a not so tactical, more like travel question. So he's obviously right across from San Francisco.
Is there a food recommendation service that we can subscribe to. I don't know if anybody here has like a belly account.
I'm really big into like food, so.
So food? All right, Nazi. You better on mute, bro. So Naji is the food expert.
Yeah. I like food. Food is good. Good food is better.
The, so yeah, if you want like Rex and stuff, I have like a bunch of flags.
I gave some of them in that guide mostly focused on like things that are relatively walkable or accessible from the office but if you want more far out things I'm happy to share and give some wrecks on what I've seen.
Yeah, you will hear from me.
Alright.
Another question for you, Naji. Parking situation at the office. That's not something I've experienced before.
Is it free? Do you recommend parking? It's Oakland. So
Oh. For Ferona knows.
Yeah, they're within, I think I mentioned on the chat, it depends on what you consider near within one to 2 blocks, no, but within 10min walk.
Yes. But we'll talk more about that. I can, I'm happy to just kind of take a screenshot and circle around.
Just big caveat though it's Oakland at the end of the day so Please be careful about how you take care of your card or leave anything behind and stuff like that.
So. Yeah, I'm happy to send more information on that.
That's right, yes.
That's legit in the Bay Area in general too to see on no like you don't you people don't leave stuff in their cars around here because But yeah, folks will take what's in your cars.
Yes, including SF as well, including.
Let's see.
I'll do that. But that being said, If it's just for the week, if you're coming into the office, there's indoor parking and there's outdoor parking nearby that you can pay for that's not overly expensive.
So I would recommend that. If it's for the week if you're planning to be in the office more frequently you might want to figure out a more reliable like situation.
100%.
Okay.
No, you mind if I add on that? Yeah, so being from Oakland. Your car don't get big in the hood, but it does get big downtown areas.
Yep.
So like in And like parking lots, open parking lots that are not like secure, it will, they will break into your car.
So like, within a day, if you have just road on your window, leave a note and say like, please don't break my windows.
Like it's that real. So, not trying to scare anybody off but like what Neil said like park in the parking lot please that's secure.
So yeah.
Have a question.
There.
Yeah, and what's cool is like, and just to be clear that he's wrong, like I'm from the South Side of Chicago, so I'm very familiar with a lot of things and To be clear, like, I like it out here.
Like, I mean, I'm, in Oakland and it's very, very nice and comfortable and legit.
People just can't leave up in their car. That's like the main issue that I see.
Because you do, then someone's gonna take it because they want it or need it.
It's just real. We just want you guys to be safe. So it's helpful.
Yeah.
Bob.
Yes.
Yeah.
Is there a BART station nearby, right? I know I would recommend parking further away and then Maybe like end of the line if it works for your commute and then enjoy that parking and then just ride bart on the way.
You got options.
Like I used to live in Dublin. The best part was you're the first on the train.
You usually get a seat. Get some work done on the way in.
Nice.
Bigger parking lots.
That's perfect. A lot of our founders have done that in the past. And I say Jala talking about not leaving things in the car.
That's not a joke. So a lot of people think that we're just being like super stringent or something like actually do not leave anything in your car.
Melanie?
Yes, thank you. I just have a question about the in person session. Do you guys know when does it start like early morning or when does it stop so that we can organize around?
Yeah, we'll kick off right away. Great question. So right away, 9 am Tuesday morning, March twelfth, like you should be at the office.
So we are giving you Monday as a travel date so that we can start right on time on Tuesday. So definitely take advantage of Monday as a travel day.
You guys are all be coming in on Monday so that you're there to start on Tuesday morning.
Okay, so we'd be 9 a. M. To like what in the afternoon.
Okay.
Pretty much you should block the whole day so our workshops are gonna be sparse throughout the day.
You'll have off to do lunch. You'll have an hour or so to work in the afternoon and then we usually have evening activities, dinners, etc.
So that's why I recommend just blocking the whole week. But you will have time in between to grab a phone booth, take a call, things like that.
And you'll see a lot more of the schedule in the coming days.
Yeah, Antonia?
Okay, cool. Thank you.
Yeah, is it okay to bring other team members to the office other than our co-founder?
They say to have brainstorms, stuff like that. Work there. Okay. Thank you.
Yes. You can bring guests. You can bring guests in with you.
Excellent. Thank you.
Perfect. But only the full time program members will have key cards. So you can bring however you'd like and then you just have to make sure you can let them in.
Lisa?
I was curious if it's if there's any other weeks where you feel like it would be beneficial to be there in person or is that really all up to us because it's all It's all online and We pick.
Yeah, that's a great question, Lisa. It is very variable because some of you may have a high concentration of like you may decide that you want to have a series of investor conversations or something like that, right?
So you have to choose that. My instinct? Would be maybe a little bit earlier, like the week before demo day.
If you decide to come in like a week prior to get the lay of the land, maybe make some new connections, get situated so you're more comfortable because demo day tends to get pretty intense and everyone kind of gets stressed out and they're practicing pitches and meeting people and all stuff.
So there's a lot going on there. So I would say the week before demo day probably would make sense.
Oh, thank you.
Let's jump to a question from the chat. Are the travel dates included in the dates given for April and May, or should we add a day before and after as well?
So for April, I included travel. So I gave you the dates Tuesday through Thursday so you can travel on Monday and Friday.
For May, that entire week is in person. So you will have to fly in on Sunday and then Monday through Friday we're in person because it's demo day prep.
So we can't give an extra day off there because all of those things are crucial to get ready for demo days.
So you'll have to come in the weekend before. That was a great question, Belaria.
And then really quick one more from the chat. What time did the evening activities finish on the first week?
Whenever you want, you typically around like 8, 8 30 for some dinners if we have dinners with the partners and things but you're never required to stay so if you are tired or you need to go because you have other responsibilities you can not have to stay in the evening.
All of our mandatory sessions will end by 5. No.
Hi, I'd like to, manage my schedule. Can I schedule next week?
Yeah.
You mentioned about the second week of the free week. Do I need to expect this kind of, the, time like this week or
Yeah, that's a great question. So everything will be between 10 am and noon PST.
So if you just block that time, just those 2h, everything will be locked in there and then you can make sure that you can schedule the rest of the time for next week.
Great question. Alan?
Good. Thank you.
And if there's something you can't make, it's okay. Just let us know and we'll do our best to accommodate or record.
Absolutely.
Alan in the car.
Yeah, so, this question for deal and totally off topic. Well, we're road tripping to Cali right now and we're stopping by Chicago today.
Which one's better? Judy knows or P quots? Cause we're gonna try deep dush.
Peacocks all day pea clots. No, no doubt. Go get that pizza.
Best pizza. Let's go. You're asking the right questions. Proud of you.
Sounds good. Alrighty.
That was awesome. We have other things for you too if you have a lot of time. Just send us a box here.
Yeah, we got people in Chicago. That's like home court.
Yeah.
Oh, we're gonna be here from like 4 till 4 morning at 7 am, 4 pm to 7 am tomorrow so if you have any recommendation, for pm to 7 am tomorrow so if you have any recommendation send it over
Alright.
Awesome. Okay, is it Mercedes?
Mucha.
Yeah, don't worry about it. It's mere chap, but I don't expect anybody to actually know how to pronounce Romanian words.
So hi, I have a question. My co-founder and I are planning to relocate to Oakland for the entire period.
I actually live in California already and he doesn't but we were wondering for those hybrid weeks that are in between is, but we were wondering for those hybrid weeks that are in between, is there a place for us to work out of the textbooks that are in between.
Is there a place for us to work out of the textures that are in between. Is there a place for us to work out of the textures office or are we just gonna be at home or okay I see you're not in your head I'll let you speak
Yeah, great question. Yeah, I wanted to add that earlier. Thank you for asking. And this is also for whoever was asking, I think Lisa was asking about in between.
So the office will be open to all of you who are full-time program participants. 24 7.
So you have your key card that you'll get in week one and you can get in there even when we're virtual.
Now that doesn't mean that the staff will all be there. So we had a lot of founders that just wanted to work out of there even during the virtual weeks.
A lot of our staff likes to work from home. So when we're virtual, we won't always be in the office, but it's open to you guys as much as you'd like to use it.
And a lot of your fellow founders are planning to be there as well.
Another important expectation center for everybody here is the office is a continuous working product like press just so you know like We're still working on like furniture and accommodations and like details.
There's a whole story about like how we got this office and what's going on in it.
We need new chairs. Like, you know, this is, it's like a startup office, like total just like.
Figuring itself out type of thing. So just so you know, it's not like some fancy we work or something like that.
It's literally like we're startup mode. Trying to figure out, you know, I spent the Sunday before program kicked off last time we ran our last Oakland program putting together Ikea lamps.
So like it's just this is like super raw and real and fun. So just so you all know that.
It's a lot of space.
That being said, it is in a co-working space. So even though our office isn't complete, yeah, there are a lot of things that are available in the co working space like phone booths, tables, other things.
Yep.
Great view on the top floor that you guys can also access outside of our office. Okay, treat.
So, are you all gonna be there during the, in between? Times like the schedule weeks.
I will. So I will naji will, Ferrona will.
Yeah, we'll physically be around. All time.
But you're
There is.
Okay. And why do you split the 2 cohorts? I was kinda wondering.
Yeah, yeah, sure. So that's a functional thing on the tech stars front. So for the JP Morgan sponsorship.
They invested in like 12 classes at a time but we have 2 classes to run in oakland So basically we have a super class of 24 companies but functionally speaking there will be a technical bifurcation.
Of founder classes.
Great question. Okay, Sahil.
Yeah, thanks. So I, I think I saw this question in the chat from Melanie.
But I'm just kind of curious about the difference in kind of what happens in the in between weeks.
Sure.
Like if we don't have a place to stay in San Francisco yet, so just curious about like the benefit of being there in person is there stuff that happens outside of the program?
Is there networking events like that kind of stuff?
Yeah. Yep. There is. Yeah, there's always networking events like the Bay Area is the top is the capital of the world when it comes to future capital investment activity.
So it's up to you to decide to make that more worthwhile. Some founders value the ability to get back to work and just focus on what they want to execute on.
Are trying their hardest to build the strongest network that they possibly can from an investment standpoint or otherwise. So for those of you that want to take advantage of the Bay Area, we encourage you to stick around and do that, but we're not gonna require it because not everyone needs it.
Yeah.
That makes a lot of sense. Yeah, thank you.
Perfect. I think we got through all the questions. For the in between weeks. Not she on our team goes to a lot of events and things.
So if you are local, we'll be sure to send all of you the different events that are going on that if you're local you can attend.
So there will be nothing put on by us but there are always things going on like Neil said. So right now, let's switch gears and get to know each other for the last 20min.
So Sophie's gonna pop a link in the chat. And, we will see you all in there.
So to be clear, Leanna, they should leave this Zoom and join that one. Okay.
Yeah, I'll stay here till everyone's gone.
Does everybody see the link? Okay, see you in there. Hi everybody.